Adds setup bitbucket-cloud-webhook command (#731)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/install/bitbucket_cloud.md

- Issues: `Read`, `Write`
- Pull requests: `Read`, `Write`

> NOTE: If you are going to configure webhook through CLI, you will need to also add additional permission Webhooks: `Read and write`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you are going to configure webhook through CLI, you will need to also have an additional permission:

- Webhooks: `Read and write`
```
